(Cicadas chirping)
(Clock beeping)
(Distant chirping)
♪Opening song♪
I've known Suna for
over ten years now.
But there's still so much
I don't know about him...
I know his birthday.
I know what kind of
underwear he wears.
But this... I had no idea.
Don't you get it, man?
[SUNA]
Look, even if you were to
cancel your plans with her
and come to the surgery
to be there for me.
It's not going to make
me feel any better.
Today is Ms. Yamato's birthday.
And...
it's also the day of
Suna's dad's surgery.
(Doors creak)
Hm?
I thought you were
the doorman.
So, uh... what time does
your dad's surgery start?
At 2 o'clock.
[SUNA]
Well, I'm gonna head up there.
Say hi to the
birthday girl for me.
Suna.
Hm?
(Grunt)
Hm.
(Light chuckle)
Even though I'd like to go
over your plans one more time,
I'm sure she'll be happy
with whatever you end up doing.
Well, good luck.
You spent a lot of time
and effort with me
working out the
birthday plans for today.
I'll make sure it goes well.
(Intense grunt)
(Nervous gasps)
[RINKO]
Takeo!
HM!
(Panting)
Sorry! Did you wait long?
I love her!
Have you been here long?
No, not too long.
You're fine.
Oh good. I'm glad
to hear it.
I got up really early
this morning.
I woke up at, like, 4 a. m.,
and when I finally got back
to sleep,
I dreamt I was late,
so I panicked and woke
up again at five!
Don't worry, Ms. Yamato.
And happy birthday.
(Gasp)
(Affirmative giggle)
Thanks, Takeo.
You're the best!
Oh my God. I love you.
Hm!
I want you to leave
everything to me today.
Okay!
Where are we going?
Oh! It's a secret.
(Laughs)
[TAKEO]
We've got some time,
if you wanna walk there.
Yeah, sure.
Suna helped me
plan everything out.
I can hardly wait!
(Both giggling)
I'm so glad it's sunny out.
I thought it would rain!
Suna...
WHAH! BRBRBRBR!
You okay?
Nothing, I'm fine.
Hm?
(Chatter)
[RINKO] (Gasp)
Oh wow! Look at this place!
What do you wanna do?
[BOTH]
Bowling...
Hm?
(Laugh)
That was funny.
I know, right?
(Concentrating growl)
HUUURGGGHH!
(Rinko cheers)
Takeo, that was awesome!
(Embarrassed laugh)
Oh wow! How can you
even pick this up?!
I mean you made it
look so easy...
I can't even get the
stupid thing to budge!
Ugh!
Whoa! That is just crazy!
Your hands are huge!
(Grunt)
(Grunting)
Whoa! Oh my gosh, Takeo,
you're so strong, too!
(Gleeful laugh)
(Crowd gawking)
[MAN 1]
What? What's this?
Check this guy out!
(Phone jingles)
Oh?
Hm?
Sorry, hold on a sec.
It's a message from Nanako.
Huh?
Oh, sorry.
(Giggle)
It's fine. I don't care.
Oh hey, will you take a
quick birthday selfie with me?
'Kay. Yeah!
(Both chuckle)
(Shutter sound)
[RINKO]
Is this awful of me?
I feel like I'm bragging.
I'm blushing!
(Jingle)
(Laughing)
Here we go!
Uh... Yah!
(Giggle)
Oh no! Well, that's not good!
[RINKO] That's like the
hardest thing to hit.
Well, she's all smiles so far.
Looks like she's
having fun.
(Laugh)
[TAKEO]
You know, Suna said
that you'd be happy
no matter where the two
of us ended up going.
Huh?
Oh, come on. I'm not that
easy to please, you know.
I'm just having
a great time.
Really? So am I. ,/
I'm so glad I'm
getting to do this...
Spending my birthday with you.
Me, too.
This is a truly
wonderful time.
You're the best, Ms. Yamato.
[RINKO]
Oh! I've heard
of this place!
I was just
reading about it!
I've totally always
wanted to come here.
But it's so expensive,
I never got the chance.
Don't worry,
I've got a job now.
(WORKER)
Welcome!
[RINKO]
Ah! These are beautiful!
They're so bright and
sparkly and colorful!
I'm getting all happy
just looking at them!
I see that.
[TAKEO]
I get all happy
just looking at you
being all bright and sparkly.
[TAKEO]
Anyway...
Suna said that you'd like this
since you like making desserts.
He was right!
Well, I'm glad.
I guess Suna knows you well.
He knows his stuff!
Mm-hmm! Yeah,
he sure does.
He's a good-looking
guy and seems so
popular with the girls.
Why doesn't he have
a girlfriend?
I asked him that myself.
He said girls are
too much trouble.
Suna...
Hm...
Hm?
(Giggle)
Well, you're a pretty
good-looking guy yourself.
I'm glad you didn't
have a girlfriend!
Y'know, I feel pretty lucky
that I got to you first.
I'm the lucky one.
[TOGETHER]
We understand there's
a birthday over here!
Huh?
[WORKERS]
♪Happy birthday to you♪
[RINKO]
What?!
♪Happy birthday to you♪
Huh? What?
Whaaa...?!
♪Happy birthday, dear Ms. Rinko♪
Now before you blow
out the candle, you
need to make a wish!
Huh?!
U-u-u-u-u-um...!
♪Happy birthday to you♪
I wish... to spend my
next birthday, and the
next birthday after that,
and then every single
birthday for the rest
of my life with Takeo!
You're not really supposed
to say it out loud!
Huh?
I don't think I've
ever seen that before.
That is hilarious!
Oh my gosh, I'm so
embarrassed! I can't
believe I just did that.
Ms. Yamato...
I hope your wish
comes true.
Suna.
I'm trying to do exactly
what you wanted.
I'm making sure she has
the best birthday possible.
Hey, uh, Takeo?
Can... Can we...
Will you hold
hands with me?
GUUHH!
YES!
(Confused grunts)
I'm so nervous
for some reason!
I can't believe you told
the people at the café
that it was my birthday.
Yeah. Suna told me
to try that.
Suna did, huh? Well,
it was a nice surprise.
Takeo... A friend
like that...
is a treat that most
people don't have, y'know?
He really cares
about you a lot.
So, what's Suna doing
today, anyway?
(Light sigh)
Suna...
Well, he's...
[TAKEO, FLASHBACK]
So, uh, what time does
your dad's surgery start?
[SUNA]
At 2 o'clock.
Well, good luck.
(Exhale)
Uh, Takeo...?
Huh?
[TAKEO]
Ms. Yamato...
Suna and I came up with
a lot of plans for today.
Here are the tickets.
If you want, you could maybe
invite a friend to go with you.
(Gasp)
[TAKEO]
I need to go see Suna.
It's his dad... He's...
having surgery today.
Huh?!
It starts at 2 o'clock.
At the hospital.
He told me not to come, but...
(Struggling)
But I really need go
and be there for him.
[SUNA, FLASHBACK]
Alright then. It should be fun.
[TAKEO]
Suna, Please forgive me.
(Whimpering)
(Grunt)
Why did you keep something so
important like this from me?
Okay, the hospital is on the way
to the train station, right?
You should really
get going!
But your birthday...
I'll take these tickets
and go to the planetarium.
I'll finish the rest of the day
you guys planned for me
and have a great time.
Now, hurry up and go be
with Suna! He needs you!
(Gasp)
If you're there for him, I'm
sure it'll make him feel better!
Okay?
Ms. Yamato...
Now go! You need to hurry!
Now get moving, you hear me?!
I-I got you something.
Ah?
Happy Birthday.
(Sigh)
Ms. Yamato,
thank you for this!
(Wind whistles)
[TAKEO]
Thank you for being
born into this world.
And thank you for being
a part of my life.
(Rinko cries)
(Takeo running quickly)
[NURSES] AH!
Where is the
operating room?!
The delivery room's
on three!
Operating room!
Aah, I'm sorry!
I thought you had
a wife in labor.
(Heaves and grunts)
Hm?
Tch.
(Sigh)
Okay... I had a feeling
you'd probably show up anyway.
You're a moron, y'know?
It's your girlfriend's
birthday...
and you're spending
it with me.
I thought your uncle was
supposed to be here.
He had to go to work.
Is that right?
[TAKEO]
How long is the surgery
supposed to take?
I dunno...
I don't know what
Suna really needs.
Or what he could possibly
be thinking right now.
I'm not even sure if I'm even
helping anything by being here.
But you're my friend.
And I WILL stay
by your side.
My dad...
was born with a weak heart.
What about you?
No, just Dad.
Hmm.
But back when both me
and my sister were born...
it was something
he was worried about.
And when he found out
we were healthy...
he was so happy
that Mom said he cried.
Uh, yeah...
So of course,
he spoiled us rotten.
In his eyes,
we could do no wrong.
I never saw him angry.
Yeah, I guess
you're right.
This is...
it's his second surgery.
It's riskier than the first one.
The day he collapsed,
my Mom and my sister were
already on their trip.
It was just me and him
at the house.
On the way back from school,
I stopped by the store
for some stuff.
And when I got home,
I found him.
He was on the floor.
Dad was all by himself.
I don't know how long
he'd been there.
If I had just gotten
home sooner...
Or not even gone out
at all...
Maybe... maybe none of this
would've happened to him.
(Sniffling)
It's my fault...
No, it's not.
Don't say that.
No one believes that.
You think so?
I know so.
Your sister, mom, and your
dad don't believe that.
And I don't either!
(Whimpering)
(Sobbing)
(SMACK)
It's not that Suna didn't
want to tell me about this...
He probably just couldn't.
[DOCTOR]
Okay, about your father.
We performed a valvuloplasty
to repair an abnormality
in his heart.
From here, we will be
administering an anticoagulant,
and if we don't observe
any arrhythmia,
then we'll be able
to move him t-
[TAKEO]
Just tell us what happened!
Did it work?!
Is he okay or what?!
I-it... was... a success.
(Sigh of relief)
U-ugh...
BLAH!
Ugh...
(Suna laughs)
Huh?
I think HE might
need surgery now.
[AI] Dad! Dad! Where's
my dad? Is he okay?
[MOTHER] What room is he in?
Son! Oh my God!
We got here as fast
as we could!
I'm so sorry we made you
handle this all on your own!
[SUNA]
It's all okay.
I'm sorry, Suna!
It must've been
so hard for you!
No, I'm fine.
(Sobbing)
Try to calm down, alright?
Dad's in recovery now.
Thank God... Oh, Takeo,
thank you so much for
being here with him!
Sure.
Mom and I will take care
of things from here.
You must be exhausted.
You two can go home now.
[MOTHER]
How's my husband?!
It was a success, right?!
[AI]
Where is he? What room
is my dad in? Tell me now!
[DOCTOR]
He's... he's on the...
the second floor...
[AI]
C'mon, Mom, let's go!
U-uh... BLUH!
You wanna go?
I do.
[PA SYSTEM]
Attention, visitors, the waiting
area will be closing soon.
Please gather your belongings
and make transportation
arrangements.
Oh! Ms. Yamato?!
Takeo. Is everything okay?
Uh, here.
I didn't have time,
so I didn't get to
finish the whole thing.
Thanks. The surgery
seemed to go well.
Really?
Thank goodness!
That is great news, Suna!
Uh...
I went to the planetarium,
but I was too worried,
so I ended up leaving
and coming here.
Ms. Yamato, I'm really
sorry about today.
Nuh-uh...
When I look at this schedule
you guys made for me...
I can see you put a lot
of time and effort into it.
And I... and I can see
you changed your mind
a few times, too.
It really made me
feel special.
So... thank you so much.
It was so nice.
And despite everything,
this has been the best
birthday of my entire life!
Ms. Yamato, I love you.
I love you so much.
(Whimpering)
Don't worry, Takeo.
I'm crying because
I'm happy, okay?
I know.
(Both laugh)
How sweet.
[BOTH]
Huh?!
Uh, I, uh...
Dude, you want a
girlfriend, don't you?
No.
Suna, I'd be happy to
introduce you to some
girls from my school.
No, please, God.
Do not do that.
You know, long-time friends
are a good way to show
what kind of person
you're compatible with.
That's very true.
Ugh...
So, all we need to
do is go out there
and find a lovely girl
who's just like Takeo!
You're so right!
A lovely girl just like me!
[SUNA]
That sounds terrifying.
It shouldn't be that
hard to find a nice
girl like you, should it?
And Suna's a nice guy!
I'm sure that
anybody'll like him!
Omigosh! Then all of us
can go out on double-dates!
[TAKEO] (Laugh)
That sounds awesome!
You two really need
to stop this, okay?
To live every day with such
romance is a wonderful thing.
Suna just doesn't know it yet.
See ya!
All right. Should
we get going?
Go where?
To the booty tree!
Amazing.
Sure is.
You should've brought your
girlfriend out here to see this.
Yeah, I will.
I'm sure I'll bring her
out here someday.
Y'know, a while back,
before I moved here...
I never really
liked the sunset.
Well, why not?
[SUNA]
For some reason, it always
made me feel uneasy.
[TAKEO]
Yeah? Well, it always
kinda reminded me
it was just about
dinner time.
Suna! Suna! Look!
Look! Check it out!
Hm?
It's kinda making
me hungry!
(Laughs)
You can't eat the sky.
Suna! Suna! Did you know?
When the sun sets
behind the mountains,
it gets REALLY cold outside!
(Shivering)
You're right...
Crap, Suna, it's night-time!
It's a school night,
so we need to be back home!
And I mean pronto!
How'd that happen so fast?!
I got dark so fast!
Crap, Suna!
Crap! Crap!
[SUNA]
It kinda snuck up on
us, didn't it?
But, you know...
Since I started coming here,
I haven't had that feeling.
It really does get cold
when the sun sets.
Yeah, it does.
Let's get outta here.
Mm.
♪♪
♪Closing song♪
[TAKEO]
Next episode:
My Mountain.